today
Night Market Group announces merger with Shaw Group
And there is also a mysterious shareholder
There are rumors that
The other party is Ye Chen's new lover after marriage
Merge I want to swallow completely
I want to use the whole night market
To console the souls of my parents
You go down first, it's ma'am
Mrs. Fairy
The one on the TV news
Is Mystery Jelly you?
Lin Bei
And this is just the beginning.
A lot is going to happen in this house
I don't punish you.
If you don't want to be implicated
Take this gun and leave
Off-road the better
To pursue art
Pursuit of Freedom
So what are you giving up on me now?
I just don't want to see you give up on yourself
But did you know
I'm only by your side
I just knew I was alive
What are you doing?
creation application
No need
From the moment I stepped into this house
You swear
One day I will be the right person here
And I did.
And you are the stepping stone in his place